---
title: 'New Things'
date: 2017-09-01
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - website 
  - updates
  - jekyll
  - github
  - university of denver
---

I'm recently moved from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, where I successfully defended my dissertation in the summer of 2017. A big thanks to everyone that supported me along the PhD path.  

New Job
======
Starting in the Fall of 2017, I'll be a Visiting Assistant Teaching Professor at the Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver. In the fall and winter quarters, I'll be teaching research methods for graduate students in the security studies program. This will be a great opportunity to apply the experience teaching undergrad stats and working as the graduate methods TA at Illinois. [Jake Bowers](http://www.jakebowers.org/), I owe you a lot!  

New City
======
Denver is the furthest west that I've ever lived and quite different than Louisville, KY where I was born and grew up. The mountains are nice. The lack of humidity is nice. The cost of living is terrifying. Mile high rent is a bit of an adjustment. I'll post a picture of nature whenever I have time.  

New Website
======
I've migrated all of my teaching and research materials off of my old google site and onto github. I'll be publishing my website using github-pages, using Jekyll and trying to remember html/css from high school. These are great resources for anyone who wants to publish sites with code (which I don't have yet, but will soon). It's also pretty easy to pick up. You'll only need some basic knowledge of html, Ruby, and markdown. That said, I foresee a lot of broken links as the developed of the original template, [Stuart Geiger](https://github.com/staeiou), definitely knew more than the basics.  

Till next time.

------